Thinkdocs 85 update variable section (#11)
thinkcompany/think_dev-standards: content/javascript/general-authoring/index.md

+ `undefined`

```javascript
const foo = 1;

> const bar = foo;

Reviewer: Since we are changing the value of `bar`, it should use `let` instead of `const`.
```suggestion
let bar = foo;
```

```javascript
// bad

> let item = new Object();

Reviewer: These examples can use `const` since they are not being redefined.
```suggestion
const item = new Object();
```

// good
let item = {};
```

> Don't use [reserved words](http://es5.github.io/#x7.6.1) as keys. It won't work in IE8. [More info](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/issues/61).

Reviewer: This looks like a more complete list of reserved keywords:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#reserved_keywords_as_of_ecmascript_2015

```suggestion
Don't use [reserved words](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#reserved_keywords_as_of_ecmascript_2015) as keys. It won't work in IE8. [More info](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/issues/61).
```

Reviewer: Sorry, this comment is out of scope for the story.

Author: No worries, I'm going to update it anyway.

// Good: the node is now cached to the $myDiv variable. Instead of traversing the DOM to find myDiv, it will use the node reference in memory to locate it.

const $myDiv = document.getElementById('myDiv');

$myDiv.addEventListener('click', function() {
        console.log('clicked');
});

> s

Reviewer 2: Could this `s` be removed?

    return luke[prop];
}

let isJedi = getProp('jedi');
```

## Variables

> Always use `let` or `const` to declare variables. Use `let` for variables that need to mutable. Be sure to declare `let` at the top of the scope in which they are used.  The preference is to use `const` when possible. A variable declare with  `const` is immutable ( with exceptions of object and array properties. [Read More](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/const)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use `let` or `const` to declare variables. Use `let` for variables that need to mutable. Be sure to declare `let` at the top of the scope in which they are used. The preference is to use `const` when possible. A variable declared with `const` is immutable (i.e. it cannot be redefined). When creating objects or arrays using `const`, keep in mind that modifying the items _inside_ the object does not mutate the object reference itself. [Read More about using `const` here.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/const)
```
